Welcome to D.E.E.P., the Debtors' Encumbrance Equalization Program!

D.E.E.P. provides unheardof opportunity for cooperative financial restructuring  
to alleviate legal responsibilities of consumers as well as profit loss of       
producers. Participants in D.E.E.P. see a median sixty-three percent increase in 
post-debt lifestyle enjoyability* over the alternative complete forfeture and    
seizure of property, identity and protein-rich biomass, while enjoying an average
twenty-four percent longer lifespan to boot! Thank you for taking the first steps
to joining us in clearing your debt!

Please take the time to read our full Terms and Conditions, Privacy Policy, EULA,
Disclosure of Financial Institution Involvement, Disclosure of Political         
Engagement, Archival Permission for Social Media Content Created During the      
Burning Decade ('20s), Bio-quantum Information Release Agreement and Janet's     
Newsletter for May. She works very hard on those! These documents are available  
on our secure website and are now available in every language in the Inner Arm   
Systems, conveniently interleaved for effortless crosschecking!

When you once again reach a positive credit balance by mining out the natural    
resources of WASP-143 d, you will be permitted to rejoin our galactic society    
with full restoration of sentient rights! Don't worry about running out of credit
while you work, we know you'll be good for it.... eventually...

By clicking the button below, you indicate that you have read, understood and    
agree to the preceding documents. 

I Agree

This message is a legal document. Forgery, misdirection or negligence is FULLY   
enforcable by both the courts of the IASA and Argus Megacorp's Division of       
Corporeal Punishment.

*Lifestyle enjoyability pertains to a relative and subjective lack of physical   
pain, debilitating or worse, excluding any resulting from injuries aquired during
your time in the D.E.E.P. or pre-existing conditions.
